# Qiskit Tutorials 

### Description

Notebooks for a couple of arxiv articles[^1][^2] with qiskit tutorials.
The first one has the code in the pdf in image format and the second one can be obtained by copy/paste, but the code is often truncated.

In order to ease the effort of others to copy the code from the article, I provide here the notebooks and the py source file 'as is'. The articles authors retain the ownership of the code and all credits go to them, except for the bugs I possibly introduced by modifying the code.

The code here is altered, it's not exactly the original one everywhere. I tried to fix some issues, in some cases I changed the code with some other reasons but I tried to retain the original functionality.
The code is also modified to be able to execute it with qiskit 1.0.

> [!WARNING]
> Go over the linked articles! I don't provide here a copyright file, since I don't own the code, but I should warn that I am not responsible for any issue generated by my alteration of the code and the results of somebody else using it.
> When in doubt, please refer to the linked articles!

> [!NOTE]
> As far as I know, the code here goes into the 'fair use' domain, since it's in the "research and scholarship, and teaching" domain. In any case, I will try to contact the authors for permission and take this down if requested.


> [!TIP]
> I used some of the tutorials from these articles as a basis for some examples in my own [quantum computing simulator](https://github.com/aromanro/QCSim), so if c++ is your thing, check it out! 

### The articles

[^1]: https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.04359 "Introduction to Coding Quantum Algorithms: A Tutorial Series Using Qiskit" by Daniel Koch, Laura Wessing, Paul M. Alsing
[^2]: https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.10647 "Fundamentals In Quantum Algorithms: A Tutorial Series Using Qiskit Continued" by Daniel Koch, Saahil Patel, Laura Wessing, Paul M. Alsing


